>> You are listening to the
Positive Thinking Mind Talk
audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it
does, I'd just like
to remind you that the
following audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to this audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
Do remember to listen
to this Mind Talk audio
several times to
get the most impact
from the hypnotherapy
session, and please
don't forget to rate how
you feel after each session.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
that you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, and let go,
and really enjoy
these peaceful feelings and all
the benefits that come with it.
I'd like you to take
in a very deep breath,
slowly inhaling, filling
your lower and upper lungs,
and exhaling again, allowing
your lungs to deflate naturally
and slowly.
And once you've done that,
I'd like you, once again,
to take a deep breath,
filling your lungs.
And when you're ready,
allow that breath
to slowly release as you
exhale gently and powerfully.
And now you can
allow your breathing
to return to normal, your
normal breathing pace--
gentle breaths in and out,
as you normally would.
And as you relax, you're
aware of your eyes,
of how comfortable they
feel, closed and relaxed,
totally at ease.
And I'd like you now to
focus only on my words.
And nothing else bothers
or concerns you at all.
This is your time, and no
one needs or wants anything
from you.
Putting everything
else aside, I'm
going to draw your attention
to various parts of your body.
And as I draw your attention
to that part of your body,
you can allow each part
to relax and to release,
each muscle and nerve,
every part of it,
as I refer to it in turn.
So let's first focus
on your fingers,
and your hands, your
wrists, your forearms,
and your upper arms.
And as you think about
this part of your body,
I'd like you to be aware of
any tension in those muscles,
and concentrate on that tension.
And now, as you allow those
muscles to relax and release,
every nerve, every fiber
in your hands, your wrists,
and fingers, arms, allow that
tension to flow away now,
to drain down, allowing
the muscles to rest
and release,
lengthen, and loosen.
Feel your arms become heavier
as they release completely.
I'd like you now to
concentrate your attention
on your feet, your ankles,
your calves, your knees,
and the large muscles
of your thighs,
aware of any tension
in those muscles.
And as you concentrate
on them, you
can relax every muscle, every
fiber in your legs and feet,
allowing all of the tension
to fade away now as you
drift deeper into relaxation.
Muscles are loosening
and lengthening
as the muscles relax
and release now--
legs feeling heavy as
you release completely.
Aware now of your chest,
your lower-back muscles,
your stomach muscles, your
upper back, and upper chest,
notice how all the muscles
in this part of your body
are now becoming more
and more relaxed,
loosening and lengthening,
as each muscle releases
and tension drains away now.
Now allow your shoulders to
sink into the frame of your body
as you sink into relaxation, all
the little muscles in your neck
and scalp, aware of
the tension here.
And now, you can
release that tension
as every muscle in
this part of your body
becomes more and more
relaxed so that you can feel
each and every muscle in
your body now loose and limp,
as that comfortable
heaviness continues now.
And whilst you're
relaxing in this way,
I'd like you now to
use your imagination
to think about a
beautiful summer's day.
I'd like you to
imagine that you're
floating on a cloud so
peaceful and so quiet.
You feel safe and secure,
and you enjoy the serenity
and peace as you
float and drift,
feeling so comfortable and calm.
You're completely at ease,
and every muscle and nerve
in your entire
body is completely
relaxed as you go deeper and
deeper into relaxation now.
And I wonder if you can
allow yourself to sink deeper
into relaxation now as I
count from one down to three.
And as I reach the
number three, you
can allow yourself to have
drifted much, much deeper
than you've ever been--
so 1, your entire body
completely released now,
every muscle, every nerve,
and every fiber relaxed
and at ease, your entire body
feeling completely relaxed
and comfortably heavy
now, and to your head,
feeling so heavy now.
And it's a really
pleasant feeling,
and you feel safe and
secure, and you're
enjoying this state
of deep relaxation
as you fall further and
further into relaxation now.
And you are now deeper than
you've ever been, so deeply
relaxed that every
word I utter to you
will sink into your
subconscious mind
and create some powerful changes
as you sink deeper and deeper.
Mind alert, but body
totally relaxed now.
You are now deeply relaxed,
and your subconscious mind
is open and receptive
to the suggestions
you will be listening to during
this hypnotic experience.
In the past, you may have found
yourself expecting the worst
to happen.
And notice how I
say, in the past.
That's because that old
way of thinking no longer
applies to you.
The very fact that you
are listening to me today
confirms that your outlook
is already changing,
and you are ready to accept
what is rightfully yours--
a happy and positive
frame of mind.
You have made up your mind
that from now on, your thoughts
will mostly be positive ones.
You have made up your
mind, you have decided,
and that decision was
yours and yours alone.
You already know that
when things go wrong,
we cannot change other
people unless, of course,
they want to be changed.
And you also know
that what you can do,
what you can and you will
do, is to change yourself
and your way of thinking.
And these changes are
already taking place
at a much deeper level of mind.
That is your wonderful
subconscious mind,
the part of you that governs
your thought processes
and all automatic
actions and reactions
that have developed as
part of your personality
since the moment you were born.
Another thing you
are aware of is
that there will be times when
your positive thinking doesn't
seem to pay off,
for example, when
you approach a challenge
to do something
you are not skilled in.
You won't suddenly become
a champion overnight.
But-- and this is a very
important but because you are
approaching these challenges--
those skills will
build up, and you
will find yourself able to do
so much more than you previously
gave yourself credit for.
You will also find
your self-confidence
and your sense of self-worth
is increasing day by day.
No longer do little
setbacks etch away
at your belief in yourself.
For when you set
your mind to succeed,
you find that more often
than not, you do succeed.
If you were formerly plagued
by worries and fears of things
that were outside
your control, you
will find those worries
and fears fade away
as your confidence flows in.
You are thinking
positive thoughts
and expecting the best outcome.
You now do this
automatically and because you
expect good things to happen,
8 or 9 times out of 10,
they do happen.
In order to use your
positive thinking
to its maximum capacity, we
are going to plan how to get
started.
This means evaluating your
life and identifying areas
where you would previously
have reacted in a negative way.
So here, in the
safety of hypnosis,
I would like you to bring to
mind three situations that you
will be approaching
differently from now on.
These should be situations
where, in the past,
you have experienced yourself
anticipating the worst,
when, in reality, the outcome
was much better than you
originally thought it would be.
I will be quiet
for a moment or two
as you allow
yourself to do this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Good.
And I now would like you to
create a blank, white screen
in your mind.
I'm going to ask you to project
each situation, one at a time,
onto the screen, starting
from the end, where you
found that it turned out well.
So for example, if
you found yourself
thinking negative thoughts
about something bad happening
to someone else, but
it later turned out
that they were
absolutely fine, I
would like you to project
the memory of you discovering
that all was fine
and run it back
like a film in slow motion, back
to the negative thoughts you
had, back to the beginning
of the experience,
and those particular
worries about that person.
And when you're at the
beginning to the time
when you first had
those negative thoughts,
I would like you to
zoom into your mind
to the image of yourself
worrying needlessly.
And the moment that vision
of yourself worrying
appears on the screen, I want
you to immediately replace
that image and any
negative thoughts that
were attached to it with
your new, positive image
and thoughts.
It says though the
positive thoughts are
overwriting the negative ones.
The two opposites merge into one
strong, positive, happy image
of yourself with these new,
confident positive thoughts.
After all, you know you
were worrying for nothing.
And when you've been
through the first situation
that your subconscious
brought up in your mind,
I would like you to very quickly
open and close your eyes once
again, and we'll
repeat the procedure
with the next two situations.
So again, here in the
safety of hypnosis,
I would like you to bring to
mind another situation that you
will be approaching
differently from now
on, a situation
where, in the past,
you have experienced yourself
anticipating the worst.
And again, create a blank
white screen in your mind,
and project the
situation, starting
from the end where you
found out that all was well,
all the way back to the
beginning to the time when you
first had negative thoughts,
and again, zoom into your mind
to the image of yourself
worrying needlessly.
And the moment that vision
of yourself worrying
appears on the screen, I want
you to immediately replace
that image and any
negative thoughts that
were attached to it with
your new positive image
and thoughts, positive thoughts
overwriting the negative ones,
two opposites merging, and one
strong, positive, happy image
of yourself appearing now.
And once again,
for the last time,
imagine another
scenario where you
were thinking negative
thoughts about something,
but actually, all
was fine in the end.
Start from the end and work
backwards to the beginning.
See yourself up on the screen.
See that vision of yourself
worrying on the screen,
and immediately replace it.
See yourself a new,
positive image,
your new positive thoughts--
negative thoughts replaced
with positive, happy thoughts,
a happy image of yourself,
confident and positive
thoughts.
You know that your old,
negative thoughts were a waste
of your mental energy and time.
You know you are
worrying for nothing.
And that's why you no longer
entertain negative thinking.
You prefer to use
positive thoughts.
You no longer assume
the worst scenario
is about to take place.
I would like you now to use
your creative imagination
and imagine yourself
in an attic looking
through a very old
chest or trunk that
contains lots of your
previous negative thoughts
and experiences.
You're lifting the
heavy wooden lid.
And as you look
into the chest, you
realize it's time
to declutter, time
to get rid of that
old way of thinking
that was holding you back.
So you have a bin bag
ready to throw out
all of those negative thoughts.
And you may see those
thoughts as symbols,
perhaps, small, heavy,
black containers,
amidst a host of positive,
brightly colored thought
containers.
Or you might see them
for what they are--
negative thoughts that
you are about to eliminate
from your life and your mind.
Take them all out, and place
the black heavier containers
into the bin bag, ready to
be put out for collection
after this session.
You can dust the nice, brightly
colored positive-thought
containers now if you wish.
These are the happy
and confident thoughts
you have experienced
in the past,
and it's nice to keep them.
So I'll be quiet for a moment
or two as you empty the chest
and place all of this negative
thoughts into the bag.
And now, all of those negative
thoughts are in a black bag.
Tie the top hands
into a firm knot,
and look inside the
chest to make sure
all your brightly
colored ones are there.
And before you bring down
the lid of the chest,
take one more peek
into the chest
because there is
something you didn't see.
There, right at the
bottom of the chest,
is a very dusty
ancient-looking book
with your name on the cover.
Take it out, dust it
down, and open it up.
And inside, you'll
find affirmations
about things that
are relevant to you
and your circumstances in life.
I don't know what these
are because they're
personal to you, but I
can guess at some of them,
and I'm sure I'll be right.
The book contains short phrases,
for example, I can do it,
everything will turn
out right in the end,
I'm worth it, give me a problem
and I will find a solution.
And there are many, many more.
And the nice thing
about this book
is that there's plenty
of room to add more as
and when you meet them,
or whenever you wish.
This is your book, and the
affirmations in this book
represent the positive thoughts
that you now entertain.
And you find yourself
actively thinking
these new, positive thoughts
in so many situations
in your life.
From now on, you always look
on the bright side of life.
You are a much happier
and more confident person.
And as this confidence spreads,
you feel absolutely wonderful,
and good things start
happening to you because you
are better company and
so much more relaxed,
and other people
want to be with you.
And these suggestions are firmly
embedded into your subconscious
mind and grow stronger
and stronger day by day.
They grow stronger by the
day, stronger by the hour,
and stronger by the minute.
In a moment, I will count
the numbers from one to five,
and at the count of five,
you'll be wide awake, fully
alert and refreshed, and ready
to allow these suggestions
to work for you.
1, 2, 3, coming slowly back; 4,
eyelids beginning to flutter;
and 5, eyes open, wide
awake, mind and body
returning to normal,
conscious awareness.